main quote
One of the main reasons why the sciences are so poor is that they imagine they are so rich. It isn't their job to throw open the door to infinite wisdom but to put a limit ro infinite error.
Bertolt Brecht - Life of Galileo
Publisher Methuen, Student Edition, 1994

introduction quote
If a question can be put at all,then it can also be answered.
Ludwig Wittgenstein
Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus 6.5 Odgen edition still to find all the details.
Publisher: Routledge & Kegan Paul PLC; New e. edition (10 Sep 1981)
C.K. Ogden

conclusions quote
The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions. Le Cru et le cuit, 1964
Claude Lévi-Strauss
Librairie Plo

results quote
It is wrong to think that the task of physics is to find out how nature is. Physics concerns what we can say about Nature.
— Niels Henrik David Bohr
Quoted in Aage Petersen, 'The Philosophy of Niels Bohr', Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, 1963, 19, 12. n

The only object of theoretical physics is to calculate results that can be compared with experiment... it is quite unnecessary that
any satisfactory description of the whole course of the phenomena should be given.
— Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac
The Principles of Quantum Mechanics (1930), 7. 

push-pull

I am almost inclined to coin a word and call the appearance fluorescence, from fluor-spar, as the analogous term opalescence is
derived from the name of a mineral.
— Sir George Gabriel Stokes
note in Phil. Trans. 479 (1852)

one more

Don't be impatient with me. Bear in mind that I hop around among all of you big beasts like a harmless and helpless frog who is
afraid of being squashed.
— Paul Ehrenfest
Letter to Albert Einstein, 16 Aug 1920. In Martin J. Klein, Paul Ehrenfest: The Making of a Theoretical Physicist (1970), Vol. 1,
319. 


another one


The vortex theory [of the atom] is only a dream. Itself unproven, it can prove nothing, and any speculations founded upon it are
mere dreams about dreams.
— Baron William Thomson Kelvin
Quoted in Henry Smith Williams, 'Some Unsolved Scientific Problems', Harper's New Monthly Magazine (1899-1900), Vol. 100, 779.

La pensée n'est qu'un écliar au milieu d'une longue nuit. Mais c'est cet éclair qui est tout.
Thought is only a flash in the middle of a long night. But this flash means everything.
— Jules Henri Poincaré 
